# WalmartApp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.1.1. I used this tool because it is a great way to scaffold an Angular application and I have the most professional experience with Typescript/Angular 4. I also felt that since the search and lookup apis would accept jsonp requests I could go make those calls from the client and go with a lightweight express server to handle the recommendation api. This is not a production solution obviously but worked for the limited requirements given. The application reuses one component to display the product details(ProductDisplayComponent), except for the recommendation product panels. The search input is persistent throughout the application. The other two pages are the search listing page(ProductsComponent), a repeated list of the display component, and the single component page(ProductComponent), a product display component, with a set of recommended products panels underneath. 

## Dependiencies
* NodeJS [Download Here](https://nodejs.org/en/) -- Grab the latest version
* NPM. should come with the install of node
* Git

## API Key
* Once directory is setup, copy the keys.json file into walmart-app\src\assets\json

## Start Up
* clone the repo with the following command `git clone https://github.com/Beard12/walmart-app.git`
* Navigate into the directory with : `cd walmart-app`
* Run : `npm install`
* Complete the api key instruction above at this point
* Navigate further with : `cd src\app`
* Run : `node server.js` -- to start proxy server
* Open new command window, navigate back into the top level of the directory and run `npm start` Navigate to [http://localhost:4200/]`http://localhost:4200/`.

## Notes
* I removed the standard testing files generated by angular cli since I've never done client-side e2e or unit testing and did not feel I could achieve a useful level of coverage.
* I have not used a lot of responsive css libraries, so decided I to use my limited css knowledge and try to come up with a solution. The results were mixed.